(LOOΠΔ TV is back!)
Go Won: We're at airport~
Olivia Hye: It's been a long time, right?
Go Won: Right! The last time we visited here was May
Go Won: And... what month is it right now?
Olivia Hye: January!
Go Won: J A N U A R Y !
Olivia Hye: Happy new year~
(Please be with LOOΠΔ in 2019 as well!)
Olivia Hye: Only two members are here today~
Go Won: Becasue we are most special members~
(Olivia Hye is choosing her words carefully, not like Go Won!)
Go Won: Look!
Go Won: My face looks stupid today...
Go Won: Okay, please say a word about going Iceland!
Olivia Hye: Actually, we're the members who are most sensitive to the cold
Olivia Hye: But... Iceland...
Olivia Hye: It was very embarrassed when I heard that we have to go to Iceland...
Olivia Hye: The pain HaSeul felt last time...
Go Won: Feel together...
Olivia Hye: Share!
(Sharing LOOΠΔVERSE?)
(And they sharing the harsh cold as soon as they arrived at Iceland!)
Olivia Hye: I can't speak...
(Anyway, fighting!)